.TH "Advanced I/O object traversal helpers" 3 "Tue Mar 27 2012" "Version 1.4.1" "Hardware Locality (hwloc)" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Advanced I/O object traversal helpers \- 
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static inline \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP \fBhwloc_get_non_io_ancestor_obj\fP (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fP topology , \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP ioobj)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static inline \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP \fBhwloc_get_next_pcidev\fP (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fP topology, \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP prev)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static inline \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP \fBhwloc_get_pcidev_by_busid\fP (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fP topology, unsigned domain, unsigned bus, unsigned dev, unsigned func)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static inline \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP \fBhwloc_get_pcidev_by_busidstring\fP (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fP topology, const char *busid)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static inline \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP \fBhwloc_get_next_osdev\fP (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fP topology, \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP prev)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static inline \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP \fBhwloc_get_next_bridge\fP (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fP topology, \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP prev)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static inline int \fBhwloc_bridge_covers_pcibus\fP (\fBhwloc_obj_t\fP bridge, unsigned domain, unsigned bus)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static inline \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP \fBhwloc_get_hostbridge_by_pcibus\fP (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fP topology, unsigned domain, unsigned bus)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI " \fBhwloc_bitmap_t\fP \fBget_pci_cpuset\fP (const \fBhwloc_topology_t\fP topology, const int pci_bus_id)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS " \fBhwloc_bitmap_t\fP get_pci_cpuset (const \fBhwloc_topology_t\fPtopology, const intpci_bus_id)"
.PP
Returns a cpuset of the socket attached to the host bridge where the PCI device defined by bus id is connected in the topology. This is useful for retrieving the cpuset of the socket attached to the host bridge where the PCI device defined by bus id is connected in the topology. 
.SS "static inline int hwloc_bridge_covers_pcibus (\fBhwloc_obj_t\fPbridge, unsigneddomain, unsignedbus)\fC [static]\fP"
.SS "static inline \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP hwloc_get_hostbridge_by_pcibus (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fPtopology, unsigneddomain, unsignedbus)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Find the hostbridge that covers the given PCI bus. This is useful for finding the locality of a bus because it is the hostbridge parent cpuset. 
.SS "static inline \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP hwloc_get_next_bridge (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fPtopology, \fBhwloc_obj_t\fPprev)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Get the next bridge in the system. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the first bridge if \fCprev\fP is \fCNULL\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "static inline \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP hwloc_get_next_osdev (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fPtopology, \fBhwloc_obj_t\fPprev)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Get the next OS device in the system. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the first OS device if \fCprev\fP is \fCNULL\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "static inline \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP hwloc_get_next_pcidev (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fPtopology, \fBhwloc_obj_t\fPprev)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Get the next PCI device in the system. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the first PCI device if \fCprev\fP is \fCNULL\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "static inline \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP hwloc_get_non_io_ancestor_obj (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fP topology, \fBhwloc_obj_t\fPioobj)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Get the first non-I/O ancestor object. Given the I/O object \fCioobj\fP, find the smallest non-I/O ancestor object. This regular object may then be used for binding because its locality is the same as \fCioobj\fP. 
.SS "static inline \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP hwloc_get_pcidev_by_busid (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fPtopology, unsigneddomain, unsignedbus, unsigneddev, unsignedfunc)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Find the PCI device object matching the PCI bus id given domain, bus device and function PCI bus id. 
.SS "static inline \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP hwloc_get_pcidev_by_busidstring (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fPtopology, const char *busid)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Find the PCI device object matching the PCI bus id given as a string xxxx:yy:zz.t or yy:zz.t. 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Hardware Locality (hwloc) from the source code.
