.TH "OpenFabrics-Specific Functions" 3 "Mon May 21 2012" "Version 1.5a1r4491M" "Hardware Locality (hwloc)" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
OpenFabrics-Specific Functions \- 
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static inline int \fBhwloc_ibv_get_device_cpuset\fP (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fP topology , struct ibv_device *ibdev, \fBhwloc_cpuset_t\fP set)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static inline \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP \fBhwloc_ibv_get_device_osdev_by_name\fP (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fP topology, const char *ibname)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static inline int hwloc_ibv_get_device_cpuset (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fP topology, struct ibv_device *ibdev, \fBhwloc_cpuset_t\fPset)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Get the CPU set of logical processors that are physically close to device \fCibdev\fP. For the given OpenFabrics device \fCibdev\fP, read the corresponding kernel-provided cpumap file and return the corresponding CPU set. This function is currently only implemented in a meaningful way for Linux; other systems will simply get a full cpuset.
.PP
Topology \fCtopology\fP must match the current machine. 
.SS "static inline \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP hwloc_ibv_get_device_osdev_by_name (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fPtopology, const char *ibname)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Get the hwloc OS device object corresponding to the OpenFabrics device named \fCibname\fP. For the OpenFabrics device whose name is \fCibname\fP, return the hwloc OS device object describing the device. Returns NULL if there is none.
.PP
The name \fCibname\fP is usually obtained from ibv_get_device_name().
.PP
IO devices detection must be enabled in topology \fCtopology\fP.
.PP
The topology does not necessary have to match the current machine. For instance the topology may be an XML import of a remote host.
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
The corresponding PCI device object can be obtained by looking at the OS device parent object. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Hardware Locality (hwloc) from the source code.
